Added note regarding skill (#527)
creativecommons/creativecommons.github.io-source: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Make sure that there are newlines at the end of every file.
- We use 2 spaces as the standard indentation in our HTML files.

### Note

> Not all issues have skills marked on them, especially if they are simple issues that do not require proficiency in any specific framework or language. Those issues are gone when filtering by skill in the [Issue Finder](https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/issue-finder/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all issues have skills marked on them, especially if they are simple issues that do not require proficiency in any specific framework or language. Those issues will not appear when filtering by skill in the [Issue Finder](https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/issue-finder/).
```
